Added reverse tunnel port info to teleport-kube-agent readme (#5621)
gravitational/teleport: examples/chart/teleport-kube-agent/README.md

To use it, you will need:
- an existing Teleport cluster (at least proxy and auth services)

> - a reachable proxy endpoint (`$PROXY_ENDPOINT`, Ex: https://teleport.example.com:3080) 

Reviewer: Remove the `https` as Teleport handles this automatically, also add `:443` as an example because it's becoming more common for people to use the HTTPS port.

```suggestion
- a reachable proxy endpoint (`$PROXY_ENDPOINT` e.g. `teleport.example.com:3080` or `teleport.example.com:443`) 
```

> - a reachable reverse tunnel port on the proxy (Ex: https://teleport.example.com:3024).  Address is retrieved from Teleport proxy configuration automatically.

Reviewer: Tidy up wording a little

```suggestion
- a reachable reverse tunnel port on the proxy (e.g. `teleport.example.com:3024`). The address is automatically retrieved from the Teleport proxy configuration.
```
